Fix spelling issues in ssh (#64883)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/docs/administration-and-deployment/logging-monitoring/metric_tables.rst

    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

> .. WARNING: This file is auto-generated from '/Users/jarekpotiuk/code/airflow/airflow-core/src/airflow/_shared/observability/metrics/metrics_template.yaml'.

Author: ```suggestion
.. WARNING: This file is auto-generated from '/opt/airflow/airflow-core/src/airflow/_shared/observability/metrics/metrics_template.yaml'.
```
